README.md, before:

## Delivery 01 - $(PlatformerGame)

![$(Game Title)](Screenshots/screenshot01.png "$(Game Title)")

### Description

$(Your Game Description)

### Features

 - $(Game Feature 01)
 - $(Game Feature 02)
 - $(Game Feature 03)

### Controls

Keyboard:
 - $(A to move left)
 - $(D to move right)
 - $(W or spacebar to jump)
 - $(Esc to exit the game)
 - $(Enter in the Menu to Play)

### Screenshots

_TODO: Show your game to the world, animated GIFs recommended!._

### Developers

 - $(Roger Puerta) - $(Main Developer/)
 - $(Eloy Gutierrez) - $(Role/Tasks Developed)
 - $(Joan Garcia) - $(Role/Tasks Developed)
 - $(Dani Navarro) - $(Role/Tasks Developed)

### License

This game sources are licensed under MIT license. Check [LICENSE](LICENSE) for further details.

$(Additional Licenses)

*Personal Use Licence – Free Game   This game is distributed free of charge for personal and educational use. Its sale, redistribution, modification or commercial use is not permitted without the express authorisation of the author. The author accepts no liability for any damage arising from the use of this game. All rights to the visual, audio and code content belong to their respective creators. © [Roger Puerta, Eloy Gutierrez, Joan Garcia, Dani Navarro], [2026]*

Commit message:

Update README for Freepath PlatformerGame

README.md, after:

## Delivery 01 - (Freepath PlatformerGame)

![$(FreePath)](Screenshots/screenshot01.png "$(FreePath)")

### Description

$(Collect coins and jump between platforms to complete the level)

### Features

 - $(Collect coins to get a high score)
 - $(You can collect a jump power-up to jump even higher!)
 - $(Overcome all the obstacles and grab the flag to win the game)

### Controls

Keyboard:
 - $(A to move left)
 - $(D to move right)
 - $(W or spacebar to jump)
 - $(Esc to exit the game)
 - $(Enter in the Menu to Play)

### Screenshots

_TODO: Show your game to the world, animated GIFs recommended!._

### Developers

 - $(Roger Puerta) - $(Main Developer/)
 - $(Eloy Gutierrez) - $(Role/Tasks Developed)
 - $(Joan Garcia) - $(Role/Tasks Developed)
 - $(Dani Navarro) - $(Role/Tasks Developed)

### License

This game sources are licensed under MIT license. Check [LICENSE](LICENSE) for further details.

$(Additional Licenses)

*Personal Use Licence – Free Game   This game is distributed free of charge for personal and educational use. Its sale, redistribution, modification or commercial use is not permitted without the express authorisation of the author. The author accepts no liability for any damage arising from the use of this game. All rights to the visual, audio and code content belong to their respective creators. © [Roger Puerta, Eloy Gutierrez, Joan Garcia, Dani Navarro], [2026]*
